Add TTL-enabled LRU cache for StatsD metrics aggregation (#51792)
mistercrunch/Airflow: chart/newsfragments/51792.significant.rst

> StatsD metrics aggregation now supports configurable TTL-enabled LRU cache to prevent memory growth in long-running daemons.

Reviewer: After changing in the values, you need to update the information in newsfragment file

Author: Yes, thats for pointing it out, I have fixed the mistake.

> The Helm chart now includes new configuration options for StatsD aggregation management:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Helm Chart now includes new configuration options for StatsD aggregation management:
```

> * ``statsd.cacheType`` - Enable TTL-enabled ``lru`` cache ot ``random`` cache for metrics aggregation (default: ``lru``)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``statsd.cacheType`` - Enable TTL-enabled ``lru`` cache or ``random`` cache for metrics aggregation (default: ``lru``)
```

Author: Correcting the mistake, thanks for noticing

* ``statsd.cacheSize`` - Maximum number of metrics to cache (default: ``1000``)
* ``statsd.ttl`` - Time-to-live for cached metrics in seconds (``0s`` is TTL disabled) (default: ``0s``)

This feature addresses uncontrolled memory growth in StatsD daemons by automatically cleaning up stale or unused metric entries. When enabled, the cache uses both LRU (Least Recently Used) eviction and TTL (Time To Live) expiration to manage memory usage effectively.

> To maintain backward compatibility, the values are kept default values from ``StatsD`` Users experiencing memory growth issues with StatsD can enable this feature by setting ``statsd.cache: true`` in their Helm values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To maintain backward compatibility, the default behaviour remains unchanged. Users experiencing memory growth issues with StatsD can enable this feature by setting ``statsd.cache: true`` in their Helm values.
```
